Append -> send/add and doc clean up (#60)
sutrolabs/census-docs: basics/core-concept/README.md

| Create Only                   | Create a new object if it doesn't exist in the destination.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Mirror                        | <p>Keep the destination in sync with the source.</p><ul><li>If a row is added or edited in the source, update the destination.</li><li>If a previously synced row no longer is in the source, remove the matching object from the destination. Note: some services such as Braze offer other actions as well. See specific destination documentation for more details.</li></ul> |

> | Add/Send Only                 | <p>Send events or add objects within the destination</p><p>Read more about <a href="https://docs.getcensus.com/basics/defining-source-data/events">sending event data</a>.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: I believe this is the only place we use the "Only" language. I think this can be "Add, Send" (and we can add to that list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Add, Send                 | <p>Add objects, send messages, or perform actions within the destination whenever new data is added to the source.</p><p>Read more about <a href="https://docs.getcensus.com/basics/defining-source-data/events">sending event data</a>.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
Maybe?
